Add more detailed docs for ZenML Pro (#3065)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/getting-started/zenml-pro/tenants.md

A tenant is a crucial part of your Organization and holds all of your pipelines, experiments and models, among other things. You need to have a tenant to fully utilize the benefits that ZenML Pro brings. The following is how you can create a tenant yourself:

- Go to your organization page
- Click on the "+ New Tenant" button

![Image showing the create tenant page](../../.gitbook/assets/new_tenant.png)

- Give your tenant a name and click on the "Create Tenant" button

![Image showing the create tenant modal](../../.gitbook/assets/new_tenant_modal.png)

The tenant will then be created and added to your organization. In the meantime, you can already get started with setting up your environment for the onboarding experience.

The image below shows you how the overview page looks like when you are being onboarded. Follow the instructions on the screen to get started.

![Image showing the onboarding experience](../../.gitbook/assets/tenant_onboarding.png)

{% hint style="info" %}
You can also create a tenant through the Cloud API by navigating to https://cloudapi.zenml.io/ and using the `POST /organizations` endpoint to create a tenant.
{% endhint %}

> ## Organizing your tenants

Author: really like this section

- Improved resource allocation and cost tracking
- Better alignment with team structures and workflows
- Enhanced data security and compliance management

![Business logic-based tenant organization](../../.gitbook/assets/business-logic-tenants-svg.svg)

Of course, both approaches can be mixed and matched.

### Best Practices for Tenant Organization

Regardless of the approach you choose, consider these best practices:

1. **Clear Naming Conventions**: Use consistent, descriptive names for your tenants to easily identify their purpose.
2. **Access Control**: Implement [role-based access control](./roles.md) within each tenant to manage permissions effectively.
3. **Documentation**: Maintain clear documentation about the purpose and contents of each tenant.
4. **Regular Reviews**: Periodically review your tenant structure to ensure it still aligns with your organization's needs.
5. **Scalability**: Design your tenant structure to accommodate future growth and new projects.

By thoughtfully organizing your tenants, you can create a more manageable, secure, and efficient MLOps environment that scales with your organization's needs.

## Using your tenant

> As said already, a tenant is a supercharged ZenML server that you can use to run your pipelines, carry out experiments and perform all the other actions you expect out of your ZenML server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned, a tenant is a supercharged ZenML server that you can use to run your pipelines, carry out experiments and perform all the other actions you expect out of your ZenML server.
```

> # Tenants

Reviewer: needs the `description` metadata at top of page

> Tenants are individual, isolated deployments of the ZenML server. Each tenant has its own set of users, roles, and resources. Essentially, everything you do in ZenML Pro revolves around a tenant: all of your pipelines, stacks, runs, connectors, etc. are scoped to a tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenants are individual, isolated deployments of the ZenML server. Each tenant has its own set of users, roles, and resources. Essentially, everything you do in ZenML Pro revolves around a tenant: all of your pipelines, stacks, runs, connectors and so on are scoped to a tenant.
```

Organizing your tenants effectively is crucial for managing your MLOps infrastructure efficiently. There are primarily two dimensions to consider when structuring your tenants:

### Organizing tenants in `staging` and `production`

One common approach is to separate your tenants based on the development stage of your ML projects. This typically involves creating at least two types of tenants:

1. **Staging Tenants**: These are used for development, testing, and experimentation. They provide a safe environment where data scientists and ML engineers can:
   - Develop and test new pipelines
   - Experiment with different models and hyperparameters
   - Validate changes before moving to production

2. **Production Tenants**: These host your live, customer-facing ML services. They are characterized by:
   - Stricter access controls
   - More rigorous monitoring and alerting
   - Optimized for performance and reliability

This separation allows for a clear distinction between experimental work and production-ready systems, reducing the risk of untested changes affecting live services.

![Staging vs production tenants](../../.gitbook/assets/staging-production-tenants.png)

> The image could depict two parallel paths: one for staging (showing icons for experimentation, testing, and development) and one for production (showing icons for deployment, monitoring, and customer-facing services). Arrows could show the flow from staging to production.

Reviewer: Could or does depict?

![Image showing the tenant page](../../.gitbook/assets/custom_role_settings_page.png)

The ZenML server that you get through a tenant is a supercharged version of the open-source ZenML server. This means that you get all the features of the open-source version, plus some extra Pro features.

## Organizing your tenants
You can also restrict what your team members can access within a tenant by using roles. Read more about roles [here](../../../../docs/book/getting-started/zenml-pro/roles.md).

You can choose to define and organize tenants in any way you wish, depending on your needs. One example could be creating different tenants for different projects or teams in your organization.
The diagram below shows this use case, where folks working on the recommender systems, LLMs and fraud detection each have a separate tenant.

![Image showing the tenants for different teams](../../.gitbook/assets/zenml_pro_tenants_teams1.png)

> This helps you better manager project resources. You can imagine that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps you better manage project resources. You can imagine that 
```
